hey guys good fella here bring it to you
an NBA 2k12 my player mode and today we
have our first away game against Golden
State Warriors at Oracle Arena a nice
cali rival for you guys and a lot of
history and bad blood between these two
teams and hopefully we can come up with
a victory as i am looking to bounce back
from that terrible start i had in my
debut against houston rockets where we
won however my field goal percentage was
terrible i could not score to save my
life and the only times i score was from
free-throw line i'm looking to be
aggressive but still i need to have a
lot better field goal percentage and to
get more skill points obviously so let's
get into the game and i get subbed in at
fourth minute mark and the first play
that we run is post up for DeMarcus
Cousins nice spin move goes for a layup
misses the shot passes to me and I'm
gonna size up against the rail right in
the post and get fouled and one that was
a huge play now I just need to focus on
these free throws as my rating is so low
that I need to take my time on this one
and can i convert n1 thirty-seven
percent nothing but net that was lucky
I'll admit I should have not made that
but I will take that and is that Ishmael
Smith on me i'm going to take advantage
of it they're not sending any double
teams spin move and nice drifter over
Ishmael Smith no chance of stopping that
that was just a nice move and other way
Dominic Maguire's posting up against me
I didn't even know how to post move
somehow he hits that a hook shot I was
shocked when he made that I even got a
good shot defense still didn't matter
and right here we're going to run a play
for Francisco Garcia unfortunately John
Salmons losses
dribble nice spin move and I get fouled
again heading to the free-throw line for
some reason they were matching me
against point guard Ishmael Smith or
nate robinson a lot i don't know why but
i took advantage of that and so far i
have good free throw percentage 100% to
be exact so we're doing a fairly decent
job early on and marcus Thornton with a
tough shot and Ishmael Smith pushing the
break nice pass to a paedo he goes for a
dunk that was a nice dump big man
running the floor and finishing off with
a nice putback and i really like a vivid
o's game terrific defender and if he can
develop that mid-range game he could be
a deadly player in the NBA in my opinion
and i'm posting up against him throw a
pump fake get bumped get fouled and one
i'm heading to the free-throw line and
look at me my guy is pumped i want to
win this game even though we're down by
16 and with 10 seconds free throw you
know i'm playing on superstar 58 release
I make this shot and the court is almost
coming to an end as marcus Thornton is
gonna force up a terrible shot and I'm
there to clean up the mess that was so
nice you had to see it twice climbing
all over IP noodles and Dominic
Maguire's back he couldn't do anything
there and I just got a nice putback Jim
that was amazing and that Brown that
Kwame Brown he's posting up against JJ
hickson he's gonna miss the shot grabbed
a rebound pushing the break Tyreke Evans
nice pass to demarcus cousins sexy spin
move and it's time for hafta leave by 17
from the 2k sports Studios it's the HP
halftime report there at the break out
at Oracle Arena and it's turning into a
blowout folks the Golden State Warriors
are ahead against Sacramento a losing
record for them in the early going
they're looking to get back on track a
precision offensive attack maximizing
possessions they're avoiding turnovers
just a beautiful game tonight for the
Kings though in this one plenty of work
still to be done over all their effort
just hasn't been on the level of needs
to be which is why they're struggling
not the best start for John salmans not
many positives for him so far just one
bucket from the floor a lot of offense
here for the first half for these two
leading their teams in sport welcome
back and as you can see I'm playing a
very well with 12 points 7 rebounds and
I'm shooting high field goal percentage
getting to the free-throw line and also
grabbing some rebounds and at this point
I'm thinking I should play a lot more
minutes in the second half because I'm
playing so good and my team needs me to
cut into this lead but I don't get
subbed in until the fourth quarter with
six minutes to go and we're down by 23
hours so pissed at this point and for
some reason Golden State Warriors always
play well in my player in 2k11 and 2k12
they always have great record and even
in 2k11 I think they made the finals in
my player so I was a bit shocked and I
want to know what team is always good in
your myplayer for me it's always Golden
State it seems and Lakers are the other
ones probably and right here I post up
against Nate Robinson nice move look at
this fake out looking like I came the
dream just faking out the defenders and
get an easy lay up my stats are looking
really good unfortunately we are still
down by 20 and I'm trying to do
everything I can in order to score
unfortunately the time is running out as
I get fouled heading to the free-throw
line and this has been the theme so far
getting to the free-throw line and
converting on it so far I have not
missed a shot and I don't miss it that
time and unfortunately I do get subbed
out towards the end for some reason
even though it was a blowout they should
have kept me in the game so I can get
some playing time and some skill points
but the coach decides to sub me out so
I'm gonna have to speak to him after the
game and try to get more playing time
and hopefully lead my team to the
victories and I did complete all of my
objectives all my dynamic goals and I
believe I had 16 points eight rebounds
one assist and I had an excellent
free-throw percentage and also field
goal percentage but I hope you guys
enjoy the video at the end i will show
you my stats and also the interview and
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed
don't forget to rate comment and also if
you want to see more subscribe had to be
tough not to get the win tonight with
the way you play did you feel like your
effort was enough knowing that
ultimately it led to a loss we lost so i
failed it's as simple as that you may
think i played well but it means nothing
if we didn't get the win i expect to win
every single game i step on the court
and that means i'm going to do whatever
it takes to make that happen and i
wasn't able to do that for my team
tonight so that's on me now i just need
to find a way to elevate my game to the
next level because where I'm at
currently clearly is not good enough